I've created over 600 landing pages
across 120 niches and today I'm going to
show you my exact four-step formula to
create million landing pages this is the
proven system I use whether I'm creating
High converting landing pages for
billion dooll Brands like link tree who
had over 50 million users in May 2024 or
landing pages for brand new startups and
every type of business in between as
long as your goal is to create
profitable marketing campaigns and
convert more traffic into leads and
sales this will work to help you today
I'm even going to show you and break
down some of my top performing client
pages so you can see exactly how we do
it okay let's get into step number one
to create million dooll landing pages
you need to think of your landing page
like a digital sales person the problem
is most businesses send all their
traffic to an untrained boring intern
who couldn't close a door when to
actually make money they need to send
their traffic to a hyper qualified sales
person so if your landing page is your
digital
salesperson how does a great salesperson
start the sales process well they hook
the prospect in and start the convers
ation for your landing page this all
starts with the above theold section
this is the most important real estate
on your landing page because 100% of
your traffic will see this and you
literally have just a split second to
get their attention and start the
conversation now your landing page has
two goals above the fold the first goal
it's got to be congruent with what got
the click so basically you've just
promised them something in your ad or
your content to get them to click to
your landing page but what I see most
businesses getting wrong with their
campaigns is their ad will say one thing
and their landing page headline above
the fold will say something completely
different or worse they just send all of
their traffic to a website what you
should do is have a specific landing
page to match the specific ads and
temperature of traffic how do you do
this well for example this is a client
Google ads campaign in the
self-publishing niche we're running
different ads for different search or
intent like poetry or Christian
self-publishing or children book
self-publishing whatever right if we
sent all of these people to the same
generic self-publishing landing page
that wouldn't be congruent that wouldn't
be congruent with what was just promised
to get the click now the second goal of
the above the fold on your landing page
is to enter the conversation going on in
their head and get them to keep reading
hook them in right so to enter the right
conversation going on in their heads you
need to understand which level of
awareness they're at this is what we did
for link tre's landing page because
talking about Linkin bio was working
great for their Google ads because
people were searching for that they knew
what they were looking for but on
Facebook people were more problem aware
so the conversation going on in their
heads wasn't to find a Lincoln bio tool
they didn't even know what that was yet
instead they were frustrated because
they felt limited by the one Link in BIO
Instagram gave them now if you do want
more on how to create an epic above the
fold I'll leave my video training in the
comments for you next up we have step
number two to create million landing
pages now which salesperson do you think
is going to close them for sales the one
standing on a soapbox yelling generic
information at a huge crowd of people or
the salesperson who sits down one toone
with a prospect holds their hands listen
to them and says I understand you and
here's how we can help you and your
situation hopefully you said the second
one so step number two is to make it
feel like you have personalized onetoone
communication on your landing page
through your copy because now we've
hooked them in our digital salesperson
has hooked them in and started the convo
we want to keep having the conversation
but there are three three big things I
see businesses getting wrong problem one
is they use internal company jargon in
their copy instead of using the words of
the customers so imagine if a
salesperson at a SAS company was using
the lingo of the programmers instead of
talking about the problems and the dream
outcomes of the market he'd be using
total nerd language that totally
confuses the Prospect and he wouldn't be
answering the number one question in the
prospect's mind what's in it for me this
total alienates your reader and makes
them feel like you don't understand them
problem number two is a business is
trying to speak to too many different
audiences or avatars on the same page
instead of honing in on one specific
Market what you want to do is have one
landing page or one funnel per product
per Market otherwise your copy feels
really generic and like it's not
speaking to anybody problem three is
they write the copy like it's coming
from a faceless corporation instead of
coming from another human being right
they focus on being really proper and
using this like fancy B2B language
instead of copy and language that forms
a connection you want your copy to feel
like a conversation right so let's look
at how to achieve this onetoone copy
using one of our client meta ads
campaigns in the hair loss and hair
restoration Niche you can see we use
step one to make sure the ad matches the
above theold and you can see we made
sure we entered the right conversation
and right stage of the buyer's Journey
instead of talking about hair
transplants which is more product aware
we offer a consultation to save the hair
which is more problem aware and matches
the C colder audience on Facebook now as
we go down the page we want the copy to
feel like we are having a onetoone
conversation with the doctor to achieve
this we follow the pass framework
problem agitate solve so here's why this
landing page copy and this page is
converting number one when we write the
copy we use the exact words of the Tiger
Market not the medical jargon of the
doctor right so we show we understand
their problem they are losing their hair
it's thinning and they've tried
everything but it's not working we show
we understand their dream outcome to
regain a natural looking head of hair
now we've showed them where they are and
where they want to go we understand them
that means we can show them now how we
are the vehicle to get them from A to B
with our my hair consultation to figure
out the right words to use we ran a
survey with our clients past patience
and use sources like the hair loss
subreddits to figure out how they phrase
their problems and their dream outcome
and now when they read the copy they're
going to say yes this is for me you
understand me reason number two that
this copy is working and this page is
converting this page is all in the
doctor's voice it's like the doctor is
speaking one to one with you and when
you read the copy you can get an idea
idea or a feel of his tone it's like
he's talking in your head and that's
what we want to achieve with your copy
because this builds his authority right
it starts a relationship and it removes
the anxiety to take the next step the
doctor takes the initial appointments as
well so it just makes sense to build the
relationship with him on the page okay
and reason number three the copy is
specifically speaking to one Avatar men
suffering from hair loss the doctor also
helps women suffering from hair loss but
women describe their problems and dream
outcomes in totally different ways even
just emotionally typically men get angry
at a situation whereas women might get
more sad or depressed right we would
want to create a different campaign to
speak to women all right now we have
hooked them in with the above the fold
and the headline we've engaged them in
conversation with our personalized
onetoone copy the next goal of a good
salesperson is to qualify or dis qualify
the prospect most clients I work with
are frustrated with the quality of their
leads they don't necessarily want a
flood of 100 sales calls this week they
just want to speak with whale prospects
who are hyper qualified and more likely
to close so step three for your million
dooll landing page is to qualify and
disqualify people to qualify someone you
want to make sure it's obvious that what
you have is for them I wonder how we
could do that maybe we could just
overtly tell them in our copy but most
people don't and it leaves people
wondering is this for me what's in this
for me so your landing page is your
digital salesperson but it can't ask
questions like a human can right so you
need to anticipate the questions they
will have in their mind and one of the
biggest is is this for me so we did this
for our client in the hair restoration
space showing the top five archetypes or
buckets of people like they might put
themselves into right and we also did it
for this client nxa using the archetype
of their three best customers then we
used social proof with intent using
testimonials and pictures of real users
instead of just slapping a testimonial
slider on the page and calling it with a
day we used the social proof on that
section so people could better identify
with those archetypes if you want to
qualify further you can even tell them
on the page who this isn't for and that
will dial it up to push the wrong leads
back even in our own marketing for our
agency persuasion experience we make it
super clear in all touch points who is a
good lead so people can disqualify
themselves I take most of the sales
calls so I don't want to be talking to
hundreds of people right we do lead
generation for beta B and high ticket
beta C who are doing like 1 million to
10 million plus but they want to double
their business they've got really
ambitious growth goals and they want to
take it to the next level right but they
feel stuck so we build their funnels and
their landing pages and we run their
paid ad campaigns and when we use touch
points like the calendar booking page
this helps to qualify people by showing
exactly who we're for Okay so we've
hooked them in we've got them to speak
with us right it's like they have a
conversation going on in their mind as
they read the copy we've qualified or
disqualified them and now we have them
all like hell yeah this sounds like it's
for me but now we need to make the ask
and this is where so many businesses go
wrong right so this is Step number four
of your million dooll landing page you
need to make the sale now remember your
landing page isn't always selling the
direct sale and getting money in lead
generation you actually have to sell
your consultation or whatever your next
step is to get them to become a lead you
need to get a lead before you can get a
sale right and just because you're
consultation is free monetarily it still
costs them time and energy right so what
are you selling well you're selling your
offer and we call this your lead
generation offer right with your offer
you are just looking for that next micro
step not a big knockout punch I have a
whole three-hour step-by-step offer
workshop on this it's just 17 bucks I'll
leave a link in the description for
anyone who wants to better learn their
lead generation offer but for now I'll
quickly give you a couple of examples of
our client offers so this is our
champagne design consultation it's an
offer for a Home Remodeling and
additions firm in Texas it works because
the next micro step of the market is not
to get a free quote although all of the
competitors are offering a free quote it
doesn't make sense for the market right
why because they don't know what they
want yet and if you don't know what you
want how can you get a quote they have a
Pinterest board of ideas but the next
micro step is design or with this client
right their previous agency was using
their meta ads traffic to try and get
leads for hair transplants a high ticket
surgery wrong level of awareness for
this temperature of traffic instead we
usually save my hair consultation for
this client because the sales call needs
to diagnose and prescribe the outcome
and actually the client can now offer
more things more solutions right not
just hair transplants but if this were a
Google ads campaign somebody was
specifically looking for a hair
transplant we'd have a completely
different landing page so we're in the
early days of this campaign still but
we're already getting scheduled
appointments that go through a
multi-step form for 69 bucks right and
they go through this whole form to
become a qualified lead okay team and
those are my four proven steps so that
you can go and create a landing page
that makes you millions of dollars but
you have to remember your landing page
is just one part of your funnel so if
you want to see how we build a full lead
machine system a full lead machine
funnel for our clients click on this
next video and I'll see you in the next
training
